[melancholy music playing]
[alarm beeping]
[alarm stops]
[alarm beeps, then stops]
[alarm beeping]
[alarm beeping, then stops]
What was the protocol, Kosta?
Raymond?
How?
The last time I saw you,
you said you were going to meet your fate.
You may very well be about to meet yours.
I don't understand.
Neither do I.
Which is why I'm here.
The plan.
I want to hear from your lips
how the plan was supposed to work.
To begin with?
You were supposed to die.
Elizabeth would be given instructions
on how to make her way here.
I would be waiting.
Elizabeth is dead.
For several years now.
You didn't think something was wrong
when she never showed up?
You never told me how long to wait,
so I kept the lanterns burning.
The noble lighthouse keeper
at the end of the world.
Would be poetic
if you hadn't betrayed my trust.
I would never.
The recordings for Elizabeth.
You saw me put them in the safe.
Yes.
In the screening room.
No one has been in there since.
Then why did I find these
on the other side of the world?
But how?
Bocce balls.
I figured when in Rome.
We're in Montenegro.
[Theodore] Sciatica's acting up.
Haven't been in this much pain
since I threw out my back
dancing at a sock hop in 1974.
Who is that?
That's your fate.
He and his bocce balls are here
to find out what really happened.
I hope you slept well, Kosta.
It's going to be a long day.
[Aram] Good morning, director.
Good morning, director, sir.
I'm Agent Mojtabai.
I'm Mr. Mojta--
I'm Aram.
How did I forget how to do this?
[Nick] Shocked to see your name
on my phone sheet.
-How have you been?
-Um... I've been better.
I forgot. You actually do honesty.
Last couple months haven't been the best.
Things didn't quite work out
at the Bureau.
I'm sorry to hear it.
The task force I was on got shut down
because of the death of a colleague
and I just couldn't find
my passion in it anymore.
I meant
I'm sorry to hear you say it to me.
You may not remember
but commiseration's not my strong suit.
If we're being honest.
Oh, I remember.
In fact, Nick, that's why I'm here.
Because what I remember
is that you are completely selfish.
And this--
This...
is a million-dollar idea.
Okay. Now I'm interested.
You know how most security systems
are defensive.
They detect a threat and shut it down.
Well, this software is offensive.
When it detects an intrusion,
it activates its own built-in
trojan rootkit to attack the intruder.
Then it throws out colossal floods
of junk traffic to clog them up
while it eviscerates
their operating system.
That is not a million-dollar idea.
It's a billion-dollar one.
This won't just protect people.
It'll actively discourage black hats.
It'll revolutionize tech security.
Right? That is what I was going for.
But I have no idea how to turn
my idea into a business.
Which is why I'm here. Of course...
um, if you're too busy,
or need some time to think it over--
I am too busy.
And I've already thought about it. I'm in.
[Naamah on voicemail]
You've reached Naamah Mojtabai.
Leave a message and have a blessed day.
-[voicemail beeps]
-Hey, it's me.
I could really use a mom talk
right about now.
Well, I have my first briefing
with the Director of National Intelligence
this morning
and I am low-key freaking out.
If you get this in the next ten minutes
and you can call me back or so,
that would be super, um...
[rattling]
Yo. Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Greetings from El Conejo.
I thought I'd thought of everything.
-A villa that no one knew I owned.
-[bocce balls clacking]
-A place of peace and quiet.
-[Kosta groaning weakly]
A place where Elizabeth could...
listen and prepare.
-[Kosta whimpers]
-[clacking continues]
She was to retrieve the box,
sit right here...
and learn the business.
From you.
I put all of it into these recordings.
Every bit of it.
I knew I wouldn't be there to help,
but I thought perhaps my words could.
That they would provide
whatever might be needed.
And Kosta's job was to wait for her.
And to bring her here when she arrived
so she could open the safe.
The safe is one-of-a-kind.
I had it constructed in Switzerland
to my specifications.
Two thumbprints
in the world could open it.
Mine and/or Elizabeth's.
And you put this box inside it.
Yes.
And a few days ago,
I found it in a dead cop's vault
5000 miles away from here.
The safe looks untouched.
How do you think they got in?
I haven't a clue.
-Hence the bocce balls.
-[bocce balls clacking]
-[Cooper] We've been over it.
-Just go over it again.
And expect a different result?
You do know
that's the definition of insanity.
Panabaker gave you a month
to identify who killed Doug Koster
before all those charges
against you are reimposed.
Now, it would be insane
not to do everything we can
to prevent that from happening.
I feel like I'm living in purgatory.
Worse, it feels like Charlene
and Agnes are living there with me.
Hey, anyone seen Aram today?
He's not in yet?
Haven't seen him, sir.
I think you can drop the "sir."
To be honest, I never liked it much.
I prefer "Harold."
Well, Harold,
it's not like Aram to be late.
No, but he had his first meeting
with National Intelligence today.
Maybe he had to run home
after and change his shirt.
Hmm. Or his shorts.
I know we're on the clock
with the investigation,
but if he needs a pep talk
about his new responsibilities,
I think I should give it.
-Mrs. Mojtabai.
-[gasps]
Are you all right?
What happened?
I don't know.
He called me. He said he wanted
to have a mom talk.
You said he called.
What else did he say?
We didn't talk.
He left a message.
Please find him.
Okay.
[men speaking Spanish]
Ah! [laughs]
My package has arrived.
[in Spanish] Thank you, ladies.
[in English]
I thought there'd be more to you.
Who are you?
What am I doing here?
I am Don Francisco Luis Márquez.
El Conejo to my best friends...
and worst enemies.
I know who you are,
Special Agent Mojtabai.
And you stole from me.
Now you're going to pay me back
with your life.
[Aram on voicemail] If you get this
in the next ten minutes
and you can call back or so,
that would be super...
Yo! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[thudding and clanging]
[man] Greetings from El Conejo.
That came from Aram's mother.
The abduction was recorded.
Who is El Conejo
and what's he want with Aram?
[Raymond] As to the what,
I haven't the foggiest.
The who, I can help you with.
Dembe and I once chased The Rabbit
along an underground river
in the jungle in Quintana Roo.
El Conejo is Don Márquez?
[Cooper] The Márquez Cartel.
The cocaine traffickers.
Cocaine was their business.
Now they traffic in a different cash crop.
You know what it takes to grow these?
I never used to interest myself
in such things.
I'm more of an import-export man.
Avocados are
a multibillion-dollar industry
run by family farming operations.
Or it was before the cartels took over
through kidnapping, torture and murder.
Think about that the next time
you order a Cobb salad.
[Aram] I gotta say,
I'm still wondering why I'm here.
You know why.
You magician you.
You made a tractor trailer
of my product disappear into thin air
on its way over the border.
-I did?
-Now I'm out half a million,
and my competitors think I'm soft.
Sir, I have no idea where your truck is.
If I did, I would tell you.
This is terrifying.
I put in military-grade firewalls,
elliptic curve cryptography,
all of it state-of-the-art,
to protect my supply chains
and travel lines.
What's terrifying
is that a piece of malware
chewed through it like a--
Like a termite through balsa wood.
[Raymond] Márquez runs his whole cartel
through a notoriously
sophisticated server system.
If there's a connection to Aram,
you have to assume that's it.
-That's not much of a lead.
-No, but this is.
The Scripps brothers.
They built the server.
-How do you know that?
-Because Marquez wanted my guy to do it.
But my guy's exclusive to me
and has a curfew,
and a very stern mother,
so he recommended the Scripps brothers.
I'd pay them a visit myself
but I'm unavailable at the moment.
I'll get you an address for the Scripps.
They're the best place to start.
[Aram] You've got the wrong guy.
I've worked on a lot of programs,
but I've never designed anything
in my life to hurt someone or cause--
Armando.
So--
It took my team half the day
to find it buried in the malware.
Maybe you acted alone.
Maybe you did it for the FBI.
I don't particularly care.
But this has your name all over it.
Impressive stuff.
If I didn't have to kill you,
I'd hire you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop, stop!
Please, please! Stop.
Before you do
whatever you're planning to do,
can I please--?
Can I please take a look at that?
You want my computer
after everything you've done?
Sir, I have no idea
where your shipment is.
I do not know what that program is.
But if you give me that laptop,
maybe--
Maybe I can help you figure this out.
So...
Teddy, who did it?
-I don't know, 'cause he doesn't know.
-Go back in there.
-Did I mention my sciatica?
-Teddy.
Like getting poked in the tenderloin
by a narwhal.
Want me to go in?
It won't matter.
If Teddy says Kosta doesn't know
who broke into the safe, he doesn't know.
We'll have to find the answer
some other way.
Maybe you know the answers.
-Me?
-Not you.
You.
[Dembe] The two of you have been arrested
by the NSA seven times...
each?
-Eight for me.
-Shut up.
And Ritchie, you can't even touch
a computer in Norway
without the threat of immediate arrest.
How did you piss off Norway that bad?
-Lawyer. Lawyer. Lawyer.
-Look, geek squad.
We don't care how many gigabytes
you move in your mother's basement.
An FBI agent is missing
and a clock's ticking on his life.
Okay.
Suit yourself.
But you're not gonna like what comes next.
Okay, cop.
Hey, that's all our stuff!
And seeing how it was used
to help build a drug cartel's firewall,
the FBI will be impounding all of it.
-But you can't do that.
-We just did.
Don't worry, though.
You'll get it all back. Eventually.
That was a $5000 8K monitor!
We're real clumsy around here.
Let me get you a receipt.
[Ressler] We can do this all day long.
Now, wanna help us out, fellas?
Maybe we'll give you
this cart of crap back in one piece.
Some of it, anyway.
Okay, okay.
Just don't bust anything else.
What do you need?
[Aram] Bad code is like a bad recipe.
A pinch of this, a dash of that.
To reverse engineer it, though,
you're working without a cookbook.
You're in the States?
-No one told me you were coming.
-Not a good time, Antonio.
[in Spanish] It never is.
For Samuel, yes. Never for me.
We'll talk later.
No, I want to talk about it now.
You're three hours from my university
and you can't even call to tell me.
-[in English] I hear it from my brother--
-I'm here on business.
Samuel works in the business.
You go to college.
There. We talked. Now go.
No.
What happens here,
I don't want you to be a part of it.
What about what I want?
I see you, what, twice a year?
Great. Sic the goons on me.
Drop me a postcard
next time you're around. Or don't.
[in Spanish] I don't care.
[in Spanish] I send him to university,
a future better than this.
Ah, Mr. Marquez?
I found something.
Okay, this here, this building block
is part of a longer code
I wrote for a program called Greylock.
That is why I signed my name to it
like that. As a joke.
-[in English] So this was all you.
-No. No. This--
The rest of this isn't me.
Somebody stole my work.
So this is the Márquez network.
-You get in and out just like that?
-We built a back door. Sue us.
So, what do you wanna know?
Anything that tells us
where Márquez took our agent.
Don't even have to look that hard.
The guy you're missing
is some kind of tech wizard?
How do you know?
There's a user in the network now
poking around.
-It's some serious bandwidth.
-Can you get us a location?
I wrote some of this,
but someone weaponized the rest.
The rootkit I wrote to attack intruders
was used to gut your firewall
and gain access to your shipping lines.
There is somebody out there
who targeted you,
and they used my work to do it.
Wait a minute.
What?
Someone built an apex predator.
You could use it to rob banks, to disrupt
utility services, take down power grids--
Right now, I just want the shipment back.
[cell phone ringing]
Who is this? How did you get this number?
[distorted voice] I have your
missing product. Half a million. Cash.
I'll call in one hour
with delivery instructions.
Get Samuel.
And lock up the agent.
I'll deal with him later.
Hello, Elizabeth.
I hope you're comfortable, sitting down,
with something good to drink.
There's always plenty to eat
in the larder,
so please feel free at any time
to shut me up and help yourself.
If you're watching this, I must be dead.
And the business must be yours.
I'm relieved.
And excited for you.
And worried, as you might expect.
It's strange.
Even with all the...
gunfire and killers in my life,
I've never really worried about myself.
I've been much too busy
worrying about you.
Oh, my God.
What a pain in the ass I've been.
Anyway...
what lies ahead
is a glorious, treacherous...
and, I hope, rewarding journey.
If you'll permit me,
I'd like to share with you...
some things that I've learned
over a lifetime...
of bad deeds and good intentions.
So...
let's take a walk together one last time.
[Nick] Congratulations,
you genius son-of-a--
We did it!
You know what this means? It means
we can start planning to sell this thing.
I still think we should tinker.
There are diagnostics--
Aram, you're killing me.
It's not ready till it's ready.
When? The next epoch?
We have the Vitas Now report.
They gave us a clean bill of health.
We paid a third party
for their assessment,
to find flaws, problems, data gaps,
things we could've missed, right?
-They're only one company.
-Who double-checked everything.
I's are dotted. T's are crossed.
I read it. You read it.
Relax. Time to celebrate.
But they did point out
a few glitches with peripherals.
Oh, please, no jargon.
You know I don't speak circuit board.
They didn't spot anything
that couldn't be patched up easily.
Bottom line, they were happy for us.
And I'm happy for us.
'Cause we're gonna be stinking rich.
You know what we need now?
More champagne and a strip club.
Right. I can't.
I actually have dinner plans
with my parents tonight.
Aram, seriously.
Killing me.
-[man 1] FBI!
-[man 2] Go, go, go!
[gunfire]
-[man 1] FBI. Clear!
-[man 2] Clear!
-[man 3] Target down!
-[man 4] All right.
Hey, bud. How's your morning going?
How'd you find me?
HRT is clearing this place.
No sign of Márquez.
He got a ransom call about avocados.
Apparently, guacamole
is the new angel dust.
We managed to bag this one.
Let's hope he knows something.
[Raymond] There's a lot to the shipping.
But the most crucial part of shipping--
Sun Tzu wrote, "The greatest victory
is that which requires no battle."
I would agree.
If you want to make
your enemy your friend,
create a problem for them,
then solve it. It's that simple.
You'll wanna take notes now.
The following is a list of 12 wines
that pair with everything.
I've said a lot about the mechanics
of how to operate my, uh--
Your empire.
But much more important
than that is managing
the emotional reality
of running this enterprise.
And to do that, you must understand
one concept above all else.
You have thousands of talented people
who work for and with you.
Thousands of people
who you are responsible for.
But at the end of the day...
you're alone.
Nick. Me again.
We need to talk.
You have my number. Thank you.
-You should go to a hospital.
-I got a better idea.
Us figuring out why you were kidnapped
by a bloodthirsty avocado cartel.
Uh, the why is easy. Márquez thinks
I hacked into his system,
accessed his delivery routes,
and stole his product.
But it wasn't me.
But he found your digital signature
in his system.
Yes, which means my Greylock source code
was stolen by our avocado thief.
Who had access to it, beside you?
My former business partner, Nick,
but he doesn't know HTML
from hieroglyphics.
And this third-party risk assessment firm
we hired to spotlight any glitches.
It was early on, but they had
a copy of unlocked source code.
-Can I make a suggestion?
-Of course.
We have two avenues here.
Someone set up Aram, we need to know who.
We also need to track Márquez.
A man like that
is never in the States long.
This may be our one shot
at getting a cartel leader,
so we divide and conquer.
Aram follows up
with the third-party company.
Someone's in charge there.
Bring them in, get to the bottom of this.
The rest should focus on getting whatever
information you can out of our guest.
-What do you think?
-Let's do it.
Thank you for that.
Anytime, boss.
[in Spanish]
Antonio? What are you doing here?
It was a long drive back to Princeton.
I knew the place was empty.
[in English] This is a safehouse,
not a crash pad. Get out.
[in Spanish] Grab the money. Move.
What is it?
[speaking Spanish]
The FBI raided the downtown warehouse.
They grabbed Machado.
They took back their agent.
Agent? That was an agent you had captive?
[in English] Why'd you think
I wanted you out of there? For your good.
-[in Spanish] You're leaving the country?
-No, not yet.
I have something to do.
-[in English] A business matter.
-Isn't it dangerous now? The FBI--
It is dangerous.
That's why you need to let us handle it.
You should never be deceived
into believing that you can...
really trust any one.
My experience is that even
my most intimate partners,
advisors and friends
have had occasion to betray me.
You must always be mentally prepared
to separate yourself from anyone
and anything in your life.
Because people will turn...
You know what I'm talking about.
You witnessed it with Mr. Kaplan.
You've done it yourself.
I'm sorry if I've made it sound
all doom and gloom, lonely.
It's not.
There's a freedom in your new role.
Freedom from convention.
From being a follower.
The pack takes its cue from...
the alpha wolf.
And when that wolf is wise and mindful,
the whole pack prospers.
That said,
you will have one blind spot,
one weakness,
that can't be willed out of you.
And that's Agnes.
I have no advice for you there.
All I can tell you is, uh...
do your best and hold onto that
like it's the last thing in your heart.
My company is highly respected
in the industry.
I don't know what you think happened
with your code.
You turned my software into a weapon.
You took something meant to help
and protect people,
and stripped it for parts
until it was dangerous.
Agent Mojtabai, I've reviewed your file.
Based on what I saw,
nothing you've said surprises me,
except that you blame us
for a problem of your own making.
What are you talking about?
You hired us to do
an independent review of your source code.
Our conclusions were clear.
Perhaps, you've forgotten how clear.
You must not have read our report.
I brought you another copy.
I read it cover to cover.
My business partner, Nick, read it too.
Then you didn't read it thoroughly.
See for yourself.
Aside from a few minor glitches,
you gave us a clean bill of health.
What are these sections?
"Implementations"?
"Vulnerabilities"?
I've never seen any of these.
Damn it, Nick.
See, no one needed to turn
your software into a weapon.
I built a weapon from the start.
What time do Conroy
and the others get here?
3:15. The buyers should
arrive shortly after that.
-You knew this whole time.
-Sorry, you're not supposed to be in here.
It's okay, Chloe.
This is the godfather of Greylock.
The man who invented us.
Everything we've accomplished
is because of him.
What happened to you? Fell off your bike?
Remember this?
I had a little chat
with Walter Sykes from Vitas Now,
and this is their full report
with all those sections
you didn't bother to show me.
The ones that said there's vulnerability
in the Greylock source code.
I don't know if you took
a look around on the way in,
but we're way past source code.
Remember Conroy, all that financing?
That was just the beginning.
We're pitching buyers tomorrow.
Sky's the limit.
You lied to me.
I sat right there,
and you lied to my face.
I omitted. I held a few things back.
What does his company know
that you and I didn't?
If something was wrong,
you would've fixed it.
I was too close to the project. Couldn't
see it. That is why we hired them.
Do you know how dangerous
this could be if the wrong person
with the right know-how
got access to Greylock?
They could strip it down
to its most dangerous parts
and use it to cripple systems.
Systems have flaws. So do people.
I won't destroy this company because
a bad guy might misuse what we've made.
They make baseball bat even though
someone might use it crack somebody--
You can't keep selling this.
I can, as long as clients want to buy it.
There might be a few bad eggs. It happens.
I want this out there so customers
can use it for the good you intended.
No, you want it out there
so you can be rich.
Chloe was right. You shouldn't be in here.
You should leave.
[Park] It's too soon for Márquez
to have gotten out of the country.
Where's he hiding, in the city? Nearby?
I don't know where he is.
-But I know where he's gonna be.
-How would you know that?
I overheard El Conejo
get the second phone call
about his missing shipment.
I know the time and the place
for the exchange.
I'll share it for a trade.
What trade?
I want to be sent back
to Mexico for trial.
Let me guess, you've got a friend
in the Fiscalía General's office?
There's not gonna be
any trial, will there?
You wanna worry
about the little fish like me,
or go after the big fish like Márquez?
You kidnapped an FBI agent?
Threatened him over
a truckload of, what, vegetables?
Avocados are a fruit, imbécil.
You're sick, the both of you.
This whole thing...
[in Spanish] ...is out of control.
Since you were born, I knew you were weak.
You were built to sit behind
a desk or a library.
I saw it, and I let you stay soft,
to keep you safe.
But if you ever question
my judgment or my control again,
so help me, boy, you will learn a lesson
in what a real man of power can do.
Now you wait here until we're long gone.
[in Spanish] You understand me?
Let's go.
[Raymond on video]
There will come a time, Elizabeth,
when you are completely stumped.
A time when you will have
factored in every variable
and you still won't see the answer.
But it will be there somewhere.
The answer is always there.
And when you can't see it,
it's because some assumption
that you've made,
something you've
taken for granted is false.
You think you're in a hospital in France,
it may not be France or a hospital.
It may be New York, in a warehouse.
The magician doesn't trick you.
The magician helps you trick yourself.
[Theodore grunting]
That looks fun.
[Theodore] Cheecha is a godsend.
I'm pain-free and looser
than a kangaroo's tummy.
I think it's a trick, an illusion.
You figured it out.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, baby! [shouts]
If I wanted to know who got into my safe,
I should've been asking
whether this is my safe.
They tore mine out.
You can see exactly where, there.
Then they replaced it
with a perfect replica.
Then they were free to take
the original safe somewhere
and drill for days, if they needed to.
How did Kosta not know?
An afternoon away.
An evening at the opera.
Doesn't matter. That was then.
The now is in Zurich.
And his name is Heinrich Zimmerstahl.
I brought your ransom.
But we know you'll never touch a dollar.
Because you're not leaving.
This place is now your graveyard.
I bury you here.
What are you doing?
We don't have the shipment yet.
Look around. His only way
out of here is through us.
He won't even get that far.
What if I want to get caught?
Antonio?
-What in God's name are you doing?
-Do I still seem weak?
-Like I belong behind a desk?
-You gotta be joking.
How many years of it
do you think I could stand?
Of what?
Of not being allowed to know
about the family business.
Of not getting a phone call when
my own father is just a few hours away.
-You're not strong enough.
-You mean not Samuel enough.
It has nothing to do with Samuel.
I always wanted the best for you. Always!
You wanted me gone.
The college boy in America.
I outsmarted you.
I took your truck.
I ransomed it back right under your nose.
What do you say to that?
Am I strong enough now?
[sirens wailing]
-[agent 1] FBI! Get down!
-[agent 2] FBI! You're under arrest!
You think you're so smart?
You led the FBI right to us.
Me? How about you and your ego?
Kidnapping, calling attention
to yourself, like a fool.
It was you? This whole time?
I did what I had to do.
Look, he's paying attention now.
You want my attention?
You wanna be part of this business?
Okay. How about we de-escalate?
There's a cost to this business.
[Aram] You can talk about it
in family therapy tomorrow.
And this is what happens
when you cross El Conejo.
-Gun!
-[gunshot]
[Park] Hey, drop it!
[Ressler] I got him.
-You're okay. He needs an ambulance.
-And so do you.
I'm fine. But I'm never touching
an avocado again.
[beeps]
I almost died today because of you, kid.
Twice.
I didn't think it would go that far.
I didn't think he would...
How are you involved in this?
That was my code you used
to hack your dad's business.
Really? That's cool.
Cool?
How did you even get ahold of it?
My roommate at Princeton.
He's a Computer Science major.
He saw a beta test version of the--
of your software in his programming class.
He made some minor tweaks,
took the rootkit, made it offensive,
saw how dangerous and adaptable it was,
and said he needed to test it.
I had the perfect target, my father.
Your roommate weaponized
my code in a dorm room?
He said it was the perfect weapon.
You should know. You built it.
[pensive music playing]
I'm sorry, Kosta.
[Kosta] I would never betray you, Raymond.
But I did fail.
You left this house safe with me,
and somehow, I let the enemy slip inside.
I walked by that safe hundreds of times,
and I had no idea.
You wouldn't have. I didn't see it.
It was just a good guess.
When this is over, the house
and everything in it are yours.
Keep it, sell it, I don't care.
It's all yours.
You'll forgive me
if I let you see yourself out.
Mr. Zimmerstahl has arrived.
Raymond.
It's been years.
I was telling your associate here
about the first time we met.
The St. Moritz Snow Polo World Cup 2005.
I haven't gone near a drop of
peppermint schnapps since.
Come with me.
When I came to see you
all those years ago,
I told you I needed
a particularly secure safe.
I told you that safe needed to be
one-of-a-kind. You remember?
I do.
[typing]
You're really going through with it, huh?
I can think of a thousand terrible things
the wrong person could do
if the Greylock code went wide.
But what scares me most
are the things I cannot think of.
I have to stop this
before Nick gets more funding.
You're doing the right thing.
Watch your step.
Oh, dear.
What happened?
Uh, that box was one of the finest
I'd ever constructed.
I couldn't agree more. One of the finest.
The problem? That's not my safe.
My safe is gone,
and the one in its place is identical.
One person is capable of
that kind of craftsmanship.
You.
You built a second safe, didn't you?
Well, of course I did.
Excuse me?
I made a second.
Identical.
For whom?
Raymond,
I made it for you.
Having problems with your source code?
Is this you? Did you do this?
Nothing in Greylock will respond.
And you didn't even start
the space camp program for those kids.
What?
It's over. I went into the servers.
I undid the architecture,
framework, databases.
I have a buyers' presentation.
Conroy's in there, three other angels.
-What am I supposed to tell them?
-The truth.
Uh...
It's not too late. You can fix it.
I could, but I won't.
And it would take
the best IT team in the world months
to undo what I did.
Oh.
Do you have any idea
what's been done with our software?
A couple of idiot kids in a dorm room
used it to hack a drug cartel.
What about the next person who gets it
and knows how to modify the rootkit?
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-And I don't think you ever did.
My code was never safe with you.
You know what you tell them
in the other room?
Tell them your ex-business partner
did what he set out to do.
He tried to make the world safer.
[intercom beeps]
Can you come in a minute?
[knocks]
Reggie Cole is dead.
The trail on the gunman went cold,
but there is one lead left to follow.
The lawyer.
-What was his name?
-Lacroix.
The man must've had associates,
a legal practice, a family.
-Let's find out everything about him.
-Sure. What do we have to lose?
I have everything to lose,
but that won't stop me.
[Zimmerstahl] I'm so sorry, Raymond.
I had no idea you were going to be robbed.
You say you made the duplicate for me?
Well, no. Not you directly.
-Then who?
-A woman.
She came to me
and said she was your representative.
She knew everything about you.
She knew everything about the safe.
She was clear she wanted it made
to the same specifications
as the original.
She paid with the same bank accounts.
The only thing different
was using uncoded,
ready-to-set biometric panels
for the thumb scan.
So anyone could open the new one.
At the time, I assumed
you'd simply set it later.
Tell me everything you can
remember about the woman.
It was so long ago.
I remember glasses.
She wasn't very tall.
-I do remember one other thing.
-Go on.
It happened several times.
-She called me "deary."
-Deary?
And she called herself "mister."
Kaplan?
Yes, Raymond.
Mr. Kaplan.
[theme music playing]